>> Brian Holt: And now when we
look at results, results was fine,
SearchParams is now happy,
you can see that one's outlined in green.
And now,
this is the most difficult one of them.
So we're gonna say App.js,
we're gonna rename it to tsx here.
And never mind, I'm just kidding.
It's, it just works.
So we didn't have to change
anything with this one.
Because we typed everything else,
we got to this one, everything was fine.
But I saw all your faces.
It was like shit, more of this.
Okay, so that was the entire thing.
The one last thing that we have to do
here is we have to go to index.html and
we have to change this from
app.js to app.tsx, right,
cuz otherwise it wouldn't be
pointing at the right file.
And now hopefully if you say npm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: Everything should
just work out of the box.
So you can see it's all
coming from TypeScript.
>> Brian Holt: Built in ten seconds,
we'll go look at the project.
And notice that it still builds and
everything still works.
Question?
>> Speaker 2: So, on the interfaces,
I've seen in some of the projects that I'm
working on, they use the interfaces
as a separate file that they import.
And I noticed you put
them right into the file.
Is there a preference, there's having
it in as a separate interface file, or
just putting it in the component
that you're using it in?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good question.
I think it's gonna vary
a lot team by team.
For, specifically, for props and
state, you should definitely
put them in the same file.
And I don't feel like that's
super controversial to say,
because it's like documentation
of that component.
It wouldn't make sense to separate it.
But for example, we used our animal and
photo type everywhere in this application.
Now, if that wasn't defined in a library,
I would have a separate interface
file that would define those ones.
So I guess that's kind of
the line I would choose.
If it's used in one file,
just define it in the file.
If it's used in a bunch of files,
maybe split it out into
a different type definition.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz the way I've seen
it is they'll have a directory for
that component and
in that directory component,
you have the component, and then the prop,
the iprop and the istate interfaces.
And they're just used there.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and that seems sane,
I wouldn't be upset to see that
in a project that I worked in.
I'm a little bit lazier that I like things
to be in one file, as much as possible.
But that's a perfectly
valid choice to make.
I don't think there's a, you must do
it this way, kind of thing about that.
Does that answer your question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
I just was wondering if there's a reason,
cuz I prefer it all in one, cuz otherwise
you kind of open up another file, you're
looking for it, and as opposed to having
it just right all there, you can see.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, some people just
adhere to the standards that they
feel like they should, right?
Cuz a lot of people will just separate,
they don't think that definitions and
code belong in the same files.
And I can't see why not, right?
But again if you're sharing that across
a lot of repos, or a lot of files,
then it does make sense.
Cuz you're gonna be importing it from
multiple different places, right?
So that's my opinion, but
it's not the opinion.
It's just a really good opinion.
Cool, good question.
One more thing I want to show you
before we totally wrap this up.
So right now, we've just been
doing everything using our editor.
But I want you to go into your
package.json, not package-lock,
package.json.
And we're going to put one more thing
in here called typecheck, typecheck.
And we're just gonna say tsc --noEmit,
like that.
And what this is gonna do, this is
something you could run in your CI or
you could run it locally before
you commit or something like that.
And so now I can say my
project npm run typecheck.
So that maybe your colleagues are using
vim or something like that and
they're not using Visual Studio Code.
They could run this before they commit to
just to make sure that everything compiles
correctly.
And so nothing happened here, so
it means everything passed, right?
But if there were problems
here they would show up.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
any questions about TypeScript?
>> Brian Holt: Do you want to do it again?
>> Brian Holt: I'm a big TypeScript fan.
I think legally I'm obligated to be.
But also I already liked it
before I joined LinkedIn or
before I joined Microsoft.
My kind of ethos in here
is that I'm going to,
if I'm just gonna make
a really small project,
I'm gonna just write it in JavaScript and
get it done and just move on.
But if I write any sort of project that
I intend on maintaining longer than
like a week,
I'm gonna write it in TypeScript.
Because I think ultimately you're
gonna get longer term gains.
But the tradeoff what you're making
is you're trading off short-term
productivity for
long-term productivity, right?
This takes longer to write.
Undoubtedly, it takes
longer to fight TypeScript.
You saw me fight
the compiler several times,
right, and this was pretty tame, right?
There can be some Route holes so
that you just go super far down,
that feel pointless.
But in the end,
it forces you to think through your code,
because you have to think, okay, this goes
from a string here, becomes a number here,
goes into an object here.
Like, it forces you to think through these
things and you end up with better code.
And you end up with additional assurances
that your code's not gonna crash.
So if anyone starts yelling at you,
every project should use TypeScript, like,
not even the TypeScript team thinks that,
right?
So not everything needs to use TypeScript.
It has its place.
But in my opinion, every big project
should really consider adopting it.